Basic documentation for Struct Classes (#603)
spylang/spy: docs/src/howto/structs.md

> title: Struct Classes

Reviewer: I'd call them just "Structs".

The fact that we need a "class" statement is a necessary evil because of Python grammar.
If/when we will be ready to deviate more from CPython grammar, I'd like to be able to write this:
```python

type MyMetaclass Foo:
    x: int
    y: int
```

and then Foo will be created by calling `MyMetaclass` (this is already true in `ASTFrame.exec_ClassDef`).  In this scheme, `class` and `struct` will be just two builtin metaclasses, and `class Foo` would be kept as a syntax sugar for `type class`.

Anyway, that's the far future, but I think it shows why we shouldn't call them "struct classes"

Author: Makes sense! I've changed `struct class` to just `struct` everywhere.

---

Struct classes (currently the only classes in SPy) are immutable data structures analogous to C structs.

/// warning
Class construction and layout are a part of SPy that's rapidly evolving. All of the constructs, names, functions, or decorators here are likely to change!
///

## Declaration

Struct classes are declared with the `@struct` decorator on the class definition. Their fixed list of fields follows with type annotations. Note that default values for these fields are not currently supported.

```py
@struct
class Person:
    name: str
    age: int

def main() -> None:
    p = Person('Alice', 99)
    print(p.name, "is", p.age, "years old") # Alice is 99 years old
    
```

Struct classes may also be defined with the [generic class syntax](../howto/generics.md#generic-class-syntax), which is syntactic sugar for a generic function which defines an internal struct. See the [generics](../howto/generics.md) documentation for more info.

## Attributes

> Attributes of struct classes do not support assignment after creation, nor can new attributes be assigned to an instance of a struct class after creation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Structs are shallow immutable. Attributes cannot be set after creation, nor can new attributes be assigned to an instance of a struct class after creation:
```

<!-- TODO once there is reference documentation on pointers/memory, link to it here -->

```py
from unsafe import gc_ptr, gc_alloc

@struct
class Person:
    name: str
    age: gc_ptr[int]

    def __new__(name: str, age: int) -> Person:
        _age = gc_alloc[int](1)
        _age[0] = age
        return Person.__make__(name, _age)

    def do_birthday(self) -> None:
        self.age[0] = self.age[0] + 1

def main() -> None:
    p = Person('Alice', 99)
    print(p.name, "is", p.age[0], "years old") # Alice is 99 years old

    p.do_birthday()
    print(p.name, "is", p.age[0], "years old") # Alice is 100 years old
```

## Constructors

Struct classes use a default constructor which populates all their attributes in-order, and all attributes must be provided each time the default constructor is called. E.g. the example above, the constructor `p = Person('Alice', 99, [])` requires an empty list to be passed for the `books` attribute. We can call this constructor explicitly using the `__make__` method:

```py
@struct
class Person:
    name: str
    age: int
    books: list[str]

def main() -> None:
    p = Person.__make__('Bob', 6, [])
    print(p.age) # 6
```

> User-facing constructors can be customized by overwriting the `__new__` method; the `__make__` must be called within to handle the initialization of the complete struct. Note that `__new__` functions like a staticmethod (it does not take a `self` parameter)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User-facing constructors can be customized by overwriting the `__new__` method; the `__make__` must be called within to handle the initialization of the complete struct. Note that, as in Python, `__new__` functions like a staticmethod (it does not take a `self` parameter)
```

    print(p.name, "has", len(p.books), "books") # Alice has 0 books
```

> By convention, if a struct is simply being used to wrap a lower-level type (to add constructors, methods, etc), that lower level type is denoted as `__ll__`.

Reviewer: What about something like this:
````
## "New type" pattern

A common idiom is to have a struct with a single field of type `T`: this creates a zero-overhead wrapper around `T`, which is a completely new type and makes it possible to enforce compile time type guarantees and/or to add methods and special methods to it.

The zero-overhead is guaranteed by the fact that structs are allocated "on the stack", passed by value, and translated into C structs by the C backend. 

This is similar and inspired by the [newtype idiom in rust](https://doc.rust-lang.org/rust-by-example/generics/new_types.html):

```python
@struct
class Kilometers:
    v: float

    def to_miles(self) -> Miles:
        return Miles(self.v * 1.609344)

@struct
class Miles:
    v: float

    def to_kilometers(self) -> Kilometers:
        return Kilometers(self.v * 1.609344)

def is_a_marathon(distance: Miles) -> bool:
    return distance.v >= 26.2

def main() -> None:
    distance = Miles(30.0)
    distance_km = distance.to_kilometers()
    print("Is a marathon?", is_a_marathon(distance))
    print("Is a marathon?", is_a_marathon(distance_km.to_miles()))
    # print("Is a marathon?", is_a_marathon(distance_km))  ## TypeError
```

## `__ll__` pattern

This is a special case of the "new type pattern".  It is used when you want to create a high-level type in terms of a low-level, possibly unsafe, implementation which is hidden to the end user.

Currently, `__ll__` is just a naming convention but in the future it might become special-cased by the compiler to make it truly private.

INSERT THE BookData example

Note that in this example, `BookData` is potentially a big struct, while `Book` is a wrapper around a *pointer* to it, so more efficient to pass around.
Normal `class`es will be (automatically) implemented using this idiom, but currently they are not supported and must be done manually.

This is also how many builtin types are implemented: `list[T]` is a pointer to `ListData[T]`, `str` is a pointer to `StrObject`, etc.  See `stdlib/*.spy` for more examples.
````
